doc/nixos: prefer the verb 'log in' (#214616)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/configuration/xfce.chapter.md

$ xfconf-query -c xfce4-session -p /compat/LaunchGNOME -s true
```

> It is necessary to logout and login again for this to take effect.

Reviewer: Nitpicking the nitpick: ["login" is a noun, "log in" is a verb](http://www.notaverb.com/login).
```suggestion
It is necessary to log out and log in again for this to take effect.
```
